# Additional Information - Branch Management



KAIZEN Merge Feature : For both frontend or backend development, KAIZEN’s merge feature is not a replica of merging on git. It solely handles the merging for the interfaces and code generated by KAIZEN (labelled in red). As for the custom logic in the service layer, it will be developed by the project team (labelled in green). Merging of code for the custom logic by the project should still be done through Git. KAIZEN only supports the pushing of code onto Git.





Branch Switching tied to individual users: Switching of branches on KAIZEN is a personal setting and is tied to individual users. Hence, if another project member switches branches, it will not be reflected on your application.

Separate FE and BE Branch Management: Backend branch switching operates independently from frontend branch management.

No Automatic Switching: Switching to a new branch on the frontend does not automatically switch the backend branch.

Resolve merge conflicts

When you work in a team, you may come across a situation when somebody pushes changes to a file you are currently working on. If these changes do not overlap (that is, changes were made to different lines of code), the conflicting



files can be accepted and merged straight away. However, if the same lines were affected, one side cannot randomly be picked over the other, and you will need to resolve the conflict.

Take the following scenario:

Dev 1 creates branch A from main

Dev 2 creates branch B from main

Dev 1 merges Branch A into main

Dev 2 now wants to merge Branch B into main. There is no pull function from main and we want to avoid changes being overwritten.

In this scenario, you may continue to merge Branch B into main and perform merge conflict resolution by accepting the additions or changes made in branch B.

For more information on the behaviour performing various actions in your application design on KAIZEN, refer to the Appendix below for User Actions in the App Designer (Frontend Development) and Service Designer (Backend Development).

Appendix



App Designer (Application Level)







Service Designer (Application Level)







